this video is brought to you by
Skillshare hi guys it's happening so I'm
at the airport right now I'm Scimitar is
that I'm idea to be honest I don't know
if that is the boldest of the most
stupid move and ever done on this
channel I thought it was just like an
idea at first and then you know but you
know what
I'm doing it
hey guys say it's Alex I hope you all
are very well I'm definitely feeling
good are about to make meatballs I don't
feel like people are treated right they
deserve more love more care and that's
exactly what I'm gonna provide them and
when I want I want to start making the
perfect
dammit I hope it's a good sign
[Music]
by making meatballs immediately but
there is something you need to
understand
meatballs are not meatballs and they are
meatballs dammit
meat balls let's do a little experiment
[Music]
this is the end of that little
experiment where I made meatballs using
only meat smells beefy there are big
fish salty slightly caramelized on the
outside juicy wise it's not bad
it's not great I just wanted to prove
something and it's exactly on point at
the moment maybe we could benefit from a
little blue fridge theory you know it's
coming it's coming right let's take a
closer look at what is a meatball from a
science point of view okay science
technical science amiibo needs to have
both meat and non meat elements to it
you see the meat path is pretty straight
forward be the chicken turkey
animal flesh in general since that body
non meat element of the meatball can
beat anything is hard to list what am I
left what am i listening
however I can list the things it does
for the meatball motion or drive
softened or toughened buying or loosen
tenderize the meat flavor they can color
the can season then the reason why I
wrote non meat fillers have they have
this negative respect to them like
you're probably familiar with the same
all killer no filler which in this case
makes absolutely no sense do not
decrease the fillers of the non meat
element you need them I'm gonna
illustrate this right away
[Music]
spoon southside Skillshare sputtering in
this video and that's great because I
love learning very much I'm a lifelong
learner basic they offer thousands of
classes for highly creative and
extremely curious people like you and me
in so many different topics like
illustration design productivity
business and of course cooking their
classes are designed for real life which
means that you don't have to put your
life on hold very convenient when you
have a busy routine so at the moment I'm
following a few classes especially in
illustration but the one I'm focusing
the most at the moment they have a super
glitched middle class by one of the
founder of the meatball shop it's like a
small boutique restaurant chain based in
New York definitely check it out at less
than it $10 a month I feel like this
kitchen is very affordable you get
unlimited access to all the classes
click the link in the description below
to get to 3 months of premium membership
thank you skip share for sponsoring this
video not sure I did the perfect job at
making them spherical they are slightly
flattened but it does tell you that the
texture of these is more supple soft
support uniform inside they are way
juicier and look like crazy juicy but
definitely juicier than the first
example we made terms of flavors that
crazy flavor food so basically the
takeaway is these are softer juicier but
not more flavorful and that's where we
need to start thinking about all the
different kinds of non meat element that
and these in order to make them more
flavorful so many combinations so many
elements are all the different
combinations you could think of that
need to be soft big turkey chicken fish
maybe enough land fill of breadcrumbs
which we can see the senator is a pound
of Swiss mozzarella is starch flour eggs
no eggs xanthan gum it's a bit more
complicated than I
[Music]
I thought I could explore all the
different possibilities at 33 million
[Music]
177 thousand possibilities
stop working when in doubt just a little
something you will feel better these are
just dry apricots trying to think at the
moment of our above another option on
how to come up the absolutely perfect
meatball recipe but I'm blanking what am
i doing you learn the classic you learn
the basics and then way way way way way
down the line maybe just maybe you might
innovate and I wanted to start
immediately with innovating that's
exactly me let's go and look for the
classics let's just step away for a
second and take a look at the big
picture what do I see well I see bowls
red sauce cheese parsley bigger balls
than I expected I think in the US this
might not be surprising to you these are
Italian meatballs or at least the
Americanized version of poor Betty so
the Italian meatballs partly according
to the internet these are the most
famous now the question is do I just
read something online and recreate these
is this the typical reaction that that
we want to see of this channel I do not
think I think there is a gap between
learning your recipe from the internet
and just tasting the real deal I mean I
know it's in the US but I'm not entirely
sure what I should be doing they have
two options right they're going online
looking for at least ten solid recipes
of Italian meatballs and then coming up
with like an interpretation of mine so
that's the safe logical approach that's
also a bit of a bone if you ask me then
there is the one where I'm not entirely
I will get more information form but I
will definitely get more fun fun we all
know what's gonna happen I need to
accept Who I am maybe that's that's the
thing
[Applause]
[Music]
bye guys it's happening so I'm at the
airport right now I'm simplest but I'm
at the airport
I don't think I expected this specific
turn of event in this meatball adventure
I mean how am I supposed to learn a new
recipe like I'm reading it online
[Music]
you